USER HISTORY
1. First we choose the stop to which we are going to move at the starting point, then we see the routes that exist for each unit and the time at which it circulates and the estimated time to reach the destination and know the rate (not fixed) depending on the destination to the that we go as well as the cooperatives and the influx of people who travel in the same unit and at that specific time. the stops through which more people get on, the traffic that exists on the route of the cooperative in which we go as well as the climate in the area.
In order to see what type of route the unit is moving through, we should have a part of the application that can be connected to a screen in which each unit follows the correct path or route.
Citizens, after so long we have learned the routes of our city but we also need an application that tells us which route is the most efficient and effective either for more comfort of transfer or shorter arrival time to the destination route.
At the last of the transfer we should pay the transport unit or if we have already done it before we go down and thus we finish our journey.
But if we go by private car it would be the same but upon arrival we would be satisfied since we know that we chose the best route to reach our destination on time.

2.First I arrived at the bus stop knowing the buses that stop there, since there are several buses that lead to my destination but I try to take the most optimal one.I have to wait for the arrival of the bus, taking into account the arrival time of my bus, knowing the traffic of the area in which I am, knowing that time I can know how much is the estimated time of my arrival at my destination. On the bus I pay the fare, I start to count the number of stops that the bus has to my destination with this I can be attentive to the moment I have to get off the bus to my destination. In the city there are several areas with traffic which increases the time of arrival at my destination, finally I arrive at my destination with a variation of time.

3.-I arrive at the trolebus stop, I pay the transport fee, and at the time of entering the stop I wait for the arrival of the unit I take. During the mornings there is an excess of people at the stop which makes it difficult to take the trolebus and in the same way there is an excess of people inside the trolebus, when the trolebus arrives, I wait they open the doors and people get off to be able to get on in the trolebus. During the course of the trip it is difficult to know where I am because of the excess of people, which will make it difficult to know when I have to get off the trolebus to reach my destination, an advantage of going by trolebus is that it has its own via which reduces the traffic of said transport, although it does not eliminate it completely. After some time has elapsed I get off the trolebus because I have reached my destination

4-First I look for the place where I have to go, after that I look for the nearest stop and how long it takes, if I see that a stop is farther from my place where I have to go I calculate in which bus line is faster after that I go to the nearest stop of my point of origin and wait for the unit that takes me, I ask the driver if this bus goes to the stop I want and I get on but if it is the case I wait for another unit and once on the bus I ask him to please let me know when I get to my destination stop.

5-To go to a place I don't know I use Google maps, google maps has a function that if you put your origin and your destination it recommends bus lines that arrive to such place after that I take a screenshot of the whole route that I have to do to get to my point of origin and if I get lost I ask people where is such stop after that I calculate the streets with my screenshot of the route and just in case I ask people where is such stop, once I arrive to the final stop I check with the screenshot if I am in the right place and previously I see in 3d the streets of the stop I have to stay at and the finalized stop so I don't get lost in the route, I can check if I am in the right place.

6-First I go to the bus stop that takes me to the indicated destination after that I entered the bus I chose, I look at a place to sit and be able to go well on my trip if it is long, after that while I see the landscape I wait for The bus arrives at my destination, as we arrive I make it stop saying thank you at a stop at that moment I pay the assistant the amount that I should pay since it changes depending on the route we chose and I get off the bus.

7.-Generally, I take the bus closest to my home that takes me to a central bus station in this case the Ofelia, after arriving there I board the metro or the bus depending on my destination until I reach my destination. And generally when they are destinations that I have never visited a day before, I check the route on Google Maps and see well on the streets and to get good advice I ask the driver to let me know when I arrive at my destination.

8.-When I have to use public transport I prefer to do it as early as possible because it is when there is less agglomeration of people I prefer to avoid rush hours where the bus is so respectful that there is no longer where to stop depending on my destination I take a bus that leaves me closer to my destination and took the trolley or a second bus to take me to my destination, although there are times that I get lost since sometimes I do not know the buses or the streets or where I should get off, so I must be very aware of the streets and which bus to take so as not to be mistaken.

9.- When I go to the bus stop, it is very difficult for me to know if I left on time because I don't know if I will arrive on time to my destination because the buses are very irregular in their schedule.

10.-When I go to a place that is not very popular for me in which I have to take public transportation I usually get lost in the question of which bus is the right one to take, which of these transports can direct me much faster to my destination.






